okay hi everyone just going to just
purchase this WD western digital
elements one terabyte drive external
hard drive it is a desktop hard drive
but for what I want it for I don't need
to be necessarily portable and that one
terabyte you're not going to get
anything for 62 pounds as an external
hard drive so it's pretty good at amazon
so just going to unpack it for you you
can see it is a plug and play USB 2 ok
so that's the box we're just going to
open it up now little seal here okay so
I see what we have here
firstly how this USB cable get up stand
up cable this is run a power supply it
is empowered by the USB and so is the
desktop one but you want reliability you
want the power pack find in there if
your coffee and a drover if there's a
problem with the pc runs out of power
you could lose your data and probably
worse so it is powered okay you have
that as well take apple device itself
let's call the thing and get it in here
you have it open up nice and Lille wraps
so this is the machine that's the front
of it see that
ok so the back of it got the USB
connector got the power supply and
that's pretty much all it is it is
fairly heavy but it's a nice metal case
it's got rubber seals at the end I guess
to keep it steady so doesn't move around
doesn't fall off any work surfaces and
it looks pretty slick I think so i'm
going to use this to back up my pc with
all the music the data the pictures
everything and just keep it upstairs
that's all you need it for really it's
still small enough to put into a laptop
bag if you need to carry it around be
traveling around you need to have your
data with you you can still carry this
around if you need to of course most the
time you'd probably have a USB stick so
let's just see what else we have here so
here we have let's see okay the tech
support services will use a guy to where
to plug it in it's fairly
straightforward lots of support number
some countries they're over here again
just usual blurb you get technical
support services
this is pretty much the same kind of
thing to support so there's not much
user manuals with it this is pretty much
it but it is pretty much you plug and
play into the USB connector plug it in
and where you go and it should show up
so that's about it there it is again the
hard drive power supply which goes in
there and the USB which that end
obviously goes into there and the other
end goes into your laptop and it is
formatted I believe as fat so if you
want security on it you need to form a
safe as ntfs in windows XP or vista and
that's it that's the WD elements
external hard drive disk 1 terabyte ok
hope that was useful thanks very much
guys bye